id:parlai_utilities/eval_covid.txt	text: What do you know about COVID-19?	labels:the virus can spread from person to person . it can also be caused by a variety of things . it is also caused by different types of virus .	episode_done:True

id:parlai_utilities/eval_covid.txt	text:What COVID 19 symptoms require that I seek medical help?	labels:covid - 19 is a disease caused by a new type of virus . it can spread from person to person . it is also caused by an old type of disease .	episode_done:True

id:parlai_utilities/eval_covid.txt	text:What is the best way to protect yourself from Covid 19?	labels:covid - 19 is a disease caused by a new type of virus . the new type is different from the old type , so it is different for everyone . the old types are more likely to spread to people who have been infected with covid ( e . g . , people with cov - 19 might not get sick from people who are infected with the new types ) . the older types are likely to get sick when they get a cold or flu .	episode_done:True

id:parlai_utilities/eval_covid.txt	text:What are the symptoms of COVID-19?	labels:covid 19 is a disease caused by a new type of virus . it can spread from person to person . it is also caused by an old type of disease that has been around for a while .	episode_done:True

id:parlai_utilities/eval_covid.txt	text:If you contract COVID 19 how do you treat yourself at home?	labels:covid - 19 is a disease that causes a new type of virus called " covid " . it is caused by a new virus that has recently been discovered .	episode_done:True

id:parlai_utilities/eval_covid.txt	text:Do I need to get tested if I don t have a fever?	labels:if you have been sick with covid - 19 , you should talk to your doctor about how you can avoid getting sick with it . if you do not have symptoms , you can still get a test for covid 19 . this test is for people who have been infected with cov - 19 and have been tested for cov . this means you should still get tested for the virus that you are infected with . this is because you should not have been exposed to covid when you were younger . this way , you are still learning about how to avoid getting covid . this includes how to protect against the virus from other virus . when you get a cold or flu , you need to talk to a doctor about the symptoms that are not known to you have had before .	episode_done:True

id:parlai_utilities/eval_covid.txt	text:How long does the virus live on surfaces?	labels:the virus can spread from person to person . it can also spread from someone who has been sick to someone who hasn ' t . it is also known as " covid - 19 " . covid covid is a type of virus that can spread through the air . cov - 19 is a virus that spreads from person - to - person . covue is a disease that can be spread from people to people . covs - 19 can spread to people who have been sick before . covinized covid virus is a new type of cov . that is , it can spread between people who are sick and people who haven ' t been sick . coincel cov is a different type of the virus that causes covid . cova - 19 . covy is a . covanex - 19 causes cov virus that is caused by a new infancy disease that causes a new covid that causes new infecting cell that causes . cou . coc . coe . coct . coz . cod . cog - 19 has to the virus .	episode_done:True

id:parlai_utilities/eval_covid.txt	text:Should I stay home?	labels:if you are sick with covid - 19 , you should stay home and practice covid 19 . if you do not have covid , you can practice cov - 19 and practice at home . this means you should practice at least once a week . if your sick with a disease that you do have not yet known to be dangerous , you could try to practice at a hospital or at home as much as you can . this is the most important thing to do when you are at home and you are not sure if you have cov or not . if there is a disease you are having that you are worried about , call your doctor to be asked to go to a hospital . if they are able to recommend you practice at your symptoms . if it is too dangerous to do that you stay home . if not have a doctor or have covhttc - 19 or not yet .	episode_done:True

id:parlai_utilities/eval_covid.txt	text:What is corona virus?	labels:coronavirus is a disease caused by a new type of virus . it is caused by an old type of disease .	episode_done:True

id:parlai_utilities/eval_covid.txt	text:Is it true that you can get the virus again even after you ve recovered?	labels:if you have been sick with covid - 19 , you should talk to your doctor about how you can avoid getting sick with it . if you do not have covid 19 , your doctor will recommend you stay home and practice social distancing . this means staying at least 6 feet ( 2 meters ) away from other people . when you get sick , please talk to a doctor about your symptoms . if your doctor says you can ' t get sick with the virus , call your local hospital to get a referral to a local hospital .	episode_done:True

id:parlai_utilities/eval_covid.txt	text: What is Tamiflu?	labels:people who are infected with the virus are likely to be more likely to get sick if they are not exposed to the virus . this means that people who have not been infected with a virus are more likely likely to have symptoms of the virus that are similar to the symptoms of a cold or flu .	episode_done:True

id:parlai_utilities/eval_covid.txt	text: I am 43 What s the chance of my survival if I get covid?	labels:covid - 19 is a disease caused by a new type of virus . it is not known if it is caused by the same type of disease as the new type that was caused by covid .	episode_done:True

id:parlai_utilities/eval_covid.txt	text: What should I use to disinfect grocery bags and grocery items?	labels:the risk of spreading covid - 19 is low . the risk is low for people who are sick with covid ( covid ) and people who have not yet developed covid .	episode_done:True

id:parlai_utilities/eval_covid.txt	text: How is it transmitted?	labels:covid - 19 is a disease caused by a new type of virus . it can spread from person to person if you touch a surface or surface that has covid . this means that if you touched a surface that had covid , you should be able to touch it . if you touching a surface with a hand or mouth , you can touch it , but not touch it ! this means you should not touch the surface of the mouth or nose that you are touching . this is because the surface is not the same as the mouth , nose , or mouth . if touch the mouth with a cloth , you will not be able touch it because it is not a surface . this makes it harder to touch the front of the front or back of the nose . this causes the front and back of covid that is harder to get the front vars . this helps to get away from the front .	episode_done:True

id:parlai_utilities/eval_covid.txt	text: covid symptoms?	labels:covid - 19 is a disease caused by a new type of virus . it is not known if it is a new disease or a new species of virus that has recently spread .	episode_done:True

id:parlai_utilities/eval_covid.txt	text: Would using heated vapor humidifier help with sanitizing the sinuses of the covid 19?	labels:the cov - 19 virus is a new type of virus . it is not known if it can be spread from person to person .	episode_done:True

id:parlai_utilities/eval_covid.txt	text: Will social distancing slow the spread of covid 19?	labels:covid - 19 is a disease caused by a new type of virus . it is not known if it is caused by the same type of disease as the new type that was caused by covid .	episode_done:True

id:parlai_utilities/eval_covid.txt	text: what are he covid symptoms?	labels:children and adults have the same covid - 19 symptoms . children have not had as much exposure to covid ( 2 ) as adults . children are more likely to get sick when they are sick . children get more exposure to the same kinds of foods as adults , like fruits and vegetables . children might get a fever or cough . we are still learning about how covid can spread .	episode_done:True

id:parlai_utilities/eval_covid.txt	text: What is a dry cough?	labels:a cold or flu is a disease caused by a new type of virus . it is caused by an old type of disease .	episode_done:True

id:parlai_utilities/eval_covid.txt	text: what is the life of COVID-19 virus?	labels:covid 19 is a disease caused by a new type of virus . it can spread from person to person . it is also caused by an old type of disease that has recently spread to other people .	episode_done:True


